Add support for AWS_REGION env variable (#6)
paulhammond/s3simple: README.md

1. Download the [s3simple](s3simple) script somewhere.
2. Set `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and optionally
   `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` and `AWS_REGION` environment variables.
3. Run `s3simple` with a method, an `s3://` url and, optionally, a local
   filename.

For example:

    export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=AKxxx
    export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=zzzz
    # optionally provide a temporary session token
    export AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=wwww...

>     # optionally specify the AWS region to avoid 307 redirects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # optionally specify the AWS region as an optimization
```
